README.md, before:

# Order Book

## Local Cluster

### Dependencies

The ocal cluster requires some dependencies. Following commands are for macos, adapt to your OS.
```
brew install docker
brew install helm
brew install kubectl
```

### Build

This step builds all images for the various services of the order book stack which for now contains:
- kafka
- kafka_init
- orderbook service
- trader pool service

```
make build
```

### Helm

This step leverages helm for kafka stack component
```
make helm
```
If other charts are used in the future, they will be added here.

### Start

Start Kafka relied on Helm install. Some custom values are provided in helm-values directory.
```
make start_kafka
```

Start agents from custom built images.
```
make start_orderbook
make start_traderpool
```

### Forward
We use a custom NodePort svc for external connection. This is using the 9094 and being relayed on localhost:9094:
```
kubectl port-forward -n orderbook svc/bitnami-kafka-controller-0-external 9094:9094
```

## Dev setup

Setup some local python dev toolkit. Latest stable python on pyenv is 3.12.1.
```
brew install pyenv
pyenv install 3.12.1
pyenv virtualenv 3.12.1 orderbook
pyenv activate orderbook
```

Install local requirements will need you to build our custom library named "drgn".
```
pip install uv==0.5.2
make build_drgn
uv pip install -r requirements-dev.txt --find-links $PWD/src/drgn/dist/
```

Commit message:

implement new structures and change consumption pattern

README.md, after:

# Order Book

## Structures
### Orderbook

The Order represents a simple limit order.
```
type Order struct {
	OrderID   string
	OrderType string
	Price     float64
	Quantity  float64
	Timestamp float64
}
```

The Orderbook is the actual data structure holding the orders ready to be filled. Main operations in an orderbook are
- place order
- get volume at price
- delete (optional)

```
type Orderbook struct {
	BestBid       *MaxHeap
	BestAsk       *MinHeap
	PriceToVolume map[float64]float64
	PriceToOrders map[float64]Order
}
```


## Local Cluster

### Dependencies

The ocal cluster requires some dependencies. Following commands are for macos, adapt to your OS.
```
brew install docker
brew install helm
brew install kubectl
```

### Build

This step builds all images for the various services of the order book stack which for now contains:
- kafka
- kafka_init
- orderbook service
- trader pool service

```
make build
```

### Helm

This step leverages helm for kafka stack component
```
make helm
```
If other charts are used in the future, they will be added here.

### Start

Start Kafka relied on Helm install. Some custom values are provided in helm-values directory.
```
make start_kafka
```

Start agents from custom built images.
```
make start_orderbook
make start_traderpool
```

### Forward
We use a custom NodePort svc for external connection. This is using the 9094 and being relayed on localhost:9094:
```
kubectl port-forward -n orderbook svc/bitnami-kafka-controller-0-external 9094:9094
```

## Dev setup

Setup some local python dev toolkit. Latest stable python on pyenv is 3.12.1.
```
brew install pyenv
pyenv install 3.12.1
pyenv virtualenv 3.12.1 orderbook
pyenv activate orderbook
```

Install local requirements will need you to build our custom library named "drgn".
```
pip install uv==0.5.2
make build_drgn
uv pip install -r requirements-dev.txt --find-links $PWD/src/drgn/dist/
```
